Docs: add caveat info to cookbook (#6246)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Formula-Cookbook.md

Some software installs to `man` instead of `share/man`, so check the output and add a `"--mandir=#{man}"` to the `./configure` line if needed.

### Special instructions

> In case there are specific issues with the homebrew install a `caveats` block can be added to the formula to inform users. This can indicate non-standard install paths, an example from the ruby formula:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case there are specific issues with the Homebrew packaging (compared to how the software is installed from other sources) a `caveats` block can be added to the formula to warn users. This can indicate non-standard install paths, an example from the `ruby` formula:
```
